Network Sniffing -  to acces network related info between devices to gain profits or use hacked
data for illegal purposes is known as network sniffing. This method is carried out by intecepting the 
packets that are sent over the network by either using software or hardware means.

Tools used for it 
1. Auvik - intelligent analysis for network packets
2. Wireshark - Best if you need to look for protocol related data
3. Solar Winds Network Packet Sniffer - used for perfomance management of the network.


Wireshark - designed to track network packets and through the use of different filter options available
in the software. used to analyse network packets , troubleshoot network issues , check malicious
and hacking possibilities.

wireshark
blue fin - to get the data packets on the network / also to start recapturing the packets
red button - to stop getting the data packets on the network




At home page it depicts the networks connected to the device and the graph  shows the represent 
traffic on  the network.

we can click on the network to get detailed info about it .
The detailed part there represents - detailed info about different transactions that have been made.
and the random aplhanumeric values represent garbage/raw data.

Filter - to get some specific data
here if we type software related keywords the filter color is shown in green
here if we type keywords that are not related to the software / error related keywords then 
it's shown in red.

1).
to get data about specific protocol type the protocol name in the filter box.
"contains" keyword - used to filter packets based on the content of the packet's data. Allows you to
specify sequence of bytes or a string that you want to search for within the packet data. And the 
bytes should be given inside " " 
eg. contains "example" - display packets that have the word example in their data

2).
ip.addr = ip address ----> display only the packets where the source or destination IP address match
the specified <ip address>


3). to get the website that the user is browsing
filter = http
then if the user visits a website which uses HTTPS (secure website) then it will not be able  to view
host address or URL in the clear text because HTTPS encrypts the data exchanged between the 
client and the web browser. you need encryption keys or TLS/SSL handshake for access
however if the user visits an insecure website (doesn't use HTTPS) then we can simply click on any
one of the HTTP packet and click follow , and then HTTP stream and we will be able to get the 
hsot address from there.


4) insecure website
we can access the username and the password from here.
then we can go to Hypertext Protocol and we get the username and the password





